docs/data-sources/api_tokens.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_api_tokens Data Source - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves existing api tokens. Filters are optional.
---

# unleash_api_tokens (Data Source)

Retrieves existing api tokens. Filters are optional.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "unleash_api_tokens" "bobjoe_tokens" {
  username = "bobjoe"
}

output "tokens" {
  value = data.unleash_api_tokens.bobjoe_tokens.tokens
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `projects` (Set of String) Filter tokens by project(s).
- `username` (String) Filter tokens by username.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tokens` (List of Object) List of api tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tokens))

<a id="nestedatt--tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tokens`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `environment` (String)
- `expires_at` (String)
- `projects` (Set of String)
- `secret` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `username` (String)

Commit message:

Use official API client for api token and user data sources (#110)

docs/data-sources/api_tokens.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_api_tokens Data Source - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves existing api tokens. Filters are optional.
---

# unleash_api_tokens (Data Source)

Retrieves existing api tokens. Filters are optional.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "unleash_api_tokens" "bobjoe_tokens" {
  token_name = "bobjoe"
}

output "tokens" {
  value = data.unleash_api_tokens.bobjoe_tokens.tokens
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `projects` (Set of String) Filter tokens by project(s).
- `token_name` (String) Filter token by the unique name of the token. This property replaced `username` in Unleash v5).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tokens` (List of Object) List of api tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tokens))

<a id="nestedatt--tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tokens`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `environment` (String)
- `expires_at` (String)
- `projects` (Set of String)
- `secret` (String)
- `token_name` (String)
- `type` (String)
