docs/data-sources/feature.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_feature Data Source - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve details of an existing feature
---

# unleash_feature (Data Source)

Retrieve details of an existing feature



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Feature name
- **project_id** (String) The project id of the feature toggle

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **archived** (Boolean) Wether the feature toggle is archived or not
- **created_at** (String) The date the feature toggle was created
- **description** (String) The description of the feature toggle
- **environments** (List of Object) The environments of the feature toggle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments))
- **stale** (Boolean) Wether the feature toggle is stale or not
- **type** (String) The type of the feature toggle

<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **name** (String)

Commit message:

Update docs with usage examples (#18)

docs/data-sources/feature.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_feature Data Source - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve details of an existing feature
---

# unleash_feature (Data Source)

Retrieve details of an existing feature

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "unleash_feature" "example" {
  name       = "toggle"
  project_id = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Feature name
- `project_id` (String) The project id of the feature toggle

### Read-Only

- `archived` (Boolean) Wether the feature toggle is archived or not
- `created_at` (String) The date the feature toggle was created
- `description` (String) The description of the feature toggle
- `environments` (List of Object) The environments of the feature toggle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `stale` (Boolean) Wether the feature toggle is stale or not
- `type` (String) The type of the feature toggle

<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
