README.md, before:

# Unleash Terraform Provider

- Documentation on [registry.terraform.io](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/philips-labs/unleash/latest/docs)

## Overview

A Terraform provider to provision and manage Unleash admin resources - in early development.
To find out more about Unleash, please visit [getunleash.io/](https://www.getunleash.io/)

## Development Requirements

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) >= 0.13.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.15

## Building The Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

Clone repository somewhere *outside* your $GOPATH:

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:philips-labs/terraform-provider-unleash
$ cd terraform-provider-unleash
$ go build .
```

Copy the resulting binary to the appropriate [plugin directory](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#third-party-plugins) e.g. `.terraform.d/plugins/darwin_amd64/terraform-provider-unleash`

## Acceptance tests

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, so it requires access to a Unleash server.

You can run the Unleash server locally using Docker, run `docker-compose up -d`

Then, run:

```sh
make testacc
```

## Adding Dependencies

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to the provider:

```
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.

## Using the provider

**Terraform 0.13+**: To install this provider, copy and paste this code into your Terraform configuration. Then, run terraform init.

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    unleash = {
      source = "philips-labs/unleash"
      version = ">= 0.1.1"
    }
  }
}

provider "unleash" {
  api_url    = "http://unleash.api-url.com/api"
  auth_token = "auth-token"
}
```

## Documentation

To generate or update documentation, run `go generate`.

## LICENSE

License is MIT

Commit message:

Keep up with unleash API latest (4.13)

README.md, after:

# Unleash Terraform Provider

- Documentation on [registry.terraform.io](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/philips-labs/unleash/latest/docs)

## Overview

A Terraform provider to provision and manage Unleash admin resources - in early development.
To find out more about Unleash, please visit [getunleash.io/](https://www.getunleash.io/)

## Development Requirements

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) >= 0.13.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.15

## Building The Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

Clone repository somewhere *outside* your $GOPATH:

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:philips-labs/terraform-provider-unleash
$ cd terraform-provider-unleash
$ go build .
```

Copy the resulting binary to the appropriate [plugin directory](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#third-party-plugins) e.g. `.terraform.d/plugins/darwin_amd64/terraform-provider-unleash`

## Acceptance tests

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, so it requires access to a Unleash server.

You can run the Unleash server locally using Docker, run `docker-compose up -d`

Then, run:

```sh
make testacc
```

## Adding Dependencies

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to the provider:

```
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.

## Using the provider

**Terraform 0.13+**: To install this provider, copy and paste this code into your Terraform configuration. Then, run terraform init.

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    unleash = {
      source = "philips-labs/unleash"
      version = ">= 0.1.1"
    }
  }
}

provider "unleash" {
  api_url    = "http://unleash.api-url.com/api"
  auth_token = "auth-token"
}
```

## Documentation

To generate or update documentation, run `go generate`.

## Issues

Before opening any issues, please make sure you are running the latest version of the provider and the unleash server, we try to keep up to date with the changes in the Unleash API. :)

## LICENSE

License is MIT
