docs/resources/feature.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_feature Resource - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a resource for managing unleash features.
---

# unleash_feature (Resource)

Provides a resource for managing unleash features.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "unleash_project" "example" {
  project_id = "default"
}

data "unleash_feature_type" "example" {
  type_id = "kill-switch"
}

resource "unleash_feature" "example" {
  name       = "toggle"
  project_id = data.unleash_project.example.project_id
  type       = data.unleash_feature_type.example.type_id
}

resource "unleash_feature" "variants_example" {
  name       = "toggle_variants"
  project_id = data.unleash_project.example.project_id
  type       = data.unleash_feature_type.example.type_id
  variant {
    name = "Variant1"
  }
  variant {
    name = "Variant2"
    payload {
      type  = "string"
      value = "foo"
    }
    overrides {
      context_name = "appName"
      values       = ["bar", "xyz"]
    }
    overrides {
      context_name = "environment"
      values       = ["development"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Feature name
- `project_id` (String) The feature will be created in the given project
- `type` (String) Feature type

### Optional

- `description` (String) Feature description
- `variant` (Block List) Feature variant (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--variant))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--variant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variant`

Required:

- `name` (String) Variant name

Optional:

- `overrides` (Block Set) Overrides existing context field values. Values are comma separated e.g `v1, v2, ...`) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--variant--overrides))
- `payload` (Block Set, Max: 1) Variant payload. The type of the payload can be `string`, `json` or `csv` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--variant--payload))
- `stickiness` (String) Variant stickiness. Default is `default`.
- `weight` (Number) Variant weight. Only considered when the `weight_type` is `fix`. It is calculated automatically if the `weight_type` is `variable`.
- `weight_type` (String) Variant weight type. The weight type can be `fix` or `variable`. Default is `variable`.

<a id="nestedblock--variant--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variant.overrides`

Required:

- `context_name` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--variant--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variant.payload`

Required:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)

Commit message:

Add option to decide whether to archive or delete feature on destroy

docs/resources/feature.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_feature Resource - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a resource for managing unleash features.
---

# unleash_feature (Resource)

Provides a resource for managing unleash features.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "unleash_project" "example" {
  project_id = "default"
}

data "unleash_feature_type" "example" {
  type_id = "kill-switch"
}

resource "unleash_feature" "example" {
  name       = "toggle"
  project_id = data.unleash_project.example.project_id
  type       = data.unleash_feature_type.example.type_id
}

resource "unleash_feature" "variants_example" {
  name       = "toggle_variants"
  project_id = data.unleash_project.example.project_id
  type       = data.unleash_feature_type.example.type_id
  variant {
    name = "Variant1"
  }
  variant {
    name = "Variant2"
    payload {
      type  = "string"
      value = "foo"
    }
    overrides {
      context_name = "appName"
      values       = ["bar", "xyz"]
    }
    overrides {
      context_name = "environment"
      values       = ["development"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Feature name
- `project_id` (String) The feature will be created in the given project
- `type` (String) Feature type

### Optional

- `archive_on_destroy` (Boolean) Whether to archive the feature toggle on destroy. Default is `true`. When `false`, it will permanently delete the feature toggle.
- `description` (String) Feature description
- `variant` (Block List) Feature variant (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--variant))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--variant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variant`

Required:

- `name` (String) Variant name

Optional:

- `overrides` (Block Set) Overrides existing context field values. Values are comma separated e.g `v1, v2, ...`) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--variant--overrides))
- `payload` (Block Set, Max: 1) Variant payload. The type of the payload can be `string`, `json` or `csv` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--variant--payload))
- `stickiness` (String) Variant stickiness. Default is `default`.
- `weight` (Number) Variant weight. Only considered when the `weight_type` is `fix`. It is calculated automatically if the `weight_type` is `variable`.
- `weight_type` (String) Variant weight type. The weight type can be `fix` or `variable`. Default is `variable`.

<a id="nestedblock--variant--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variant.overrides`

Required:

- `context_name` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--variant--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variant.payload`

Required:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)
