docs/resources/user.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_user Resource - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a resource for managing unleash users.
---

# unleash_user (Resource)

Provides a resource for managing unleash users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "unleash_user" "my_user" {
  name       = "Bob Joe"
  email      = "bob.joe@gmail.com"
  root_role  = "Editor"
  send_email = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `name` (String) The user's name.
- `root_role` (String) The role to assign to the user. Can be `Admin`, `Editor` or `Viewer`

### Optional

- `send_email` (Boolean) Whether to send a welcome email with a login link to the user or not. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `email_sent` (Boolean) Whether the welcome email was successfully sent to the user.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invite_link` (String) The link for the login link.

Commit message:

Add username back to the user resource

docs/resources/user.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_user Resource - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a resource for managing unleash users.
---

# unleash_user (Resource)

Provides a resource for managing unleash users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "unleash_user" "my_user" {
  name       = "Bob Joe"
  email      = "bob.joe@gmail.com"
  root_role  = "Editor"
  send_email = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `name` (String) The user's name.
- `root_role` (String) The role to assign to the user. Can be `Admin`, `Editor` or `Viewer`
- `username` (String) The user's username. Changing it forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `send_email` (Boolean) Whether to send a welcome email with a login link to the user or not. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `email_sent` (Boolean) Whether the welcome email was successfully sent to the user.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invite_link` (String) The link for the login link.
